Do you want to invite capital again?
Save it, Chufan
You don't know yet
Invitation to the Golden Melody Awards
It is the pinnacle of Chinese music
Except for the legendary singer
Others are not eligible to get it at all
You're still pretending here
If I also
You're not even a third-rate singer
What qualifications do you have to get?
Ask to be compared to the masked singer
What are you?
You don't know who I am.
It's because your status is too low
You two come here
Golden Melody Awards Ceremony
Not all cats and dogs can come in
Now check his ID
If he wants no
Get him out of here! Hold on
What if I had?
If you take it out
I knelt down in front of everyone and kowtowed to you and apologized
But if you can't answer, I'll tell you
I'm going to disgrace you today
Never raise your head
Shufen
Can you listen to my advice?
You have no idea what this invitation means
To fulfill this invitation
Not only must it be recognized by Skylark International
Absolute identity and status
To get the unanimous panel of the jury
Stop being obsessed
Now except for the legendary singer in the Chinese music scene
No one can meet this qualification at all
You are a down-and-out leapfrog boss
What qualifications do you have to receive such an invitation?
Mr. Chen has already given you the money.
But why are you still losing face here?
I'm not you
Keep your eyes peeled.